♪
COLLEEN: Your family
will be here any minute.
Where should this go?
By the drinks? By the food?
Definitely by the drinks.
Great, it's settled.
Maybe by the food.
You're putting way more
thought into this
than any date
we've ever been on.
Yeah, of course,
because if this goes badly,
I can't fix it with sex.
Everything has
to be perfect.
Your parents
host brunch,
Jen and Greg
have New Year's,
Heather and Tim
throw a party
every time one of their kids
gets bigger pants.
I want tailgating
to be our thing.
Okay, okay, but maybe our thing
could not be hosting anything.
There's a lot of honor
in just being a guest.
JOAN: Hi, kids!
-Oh, they're here.
JOAN: Hi!
Oh, darling.
-Hi, baby.
-Hey, Mom.
Oh, God, it's so great
to have the Rams back in L.A.
You know,
I've missed tailgating.
You know what I love?
Putting my hand up
and having somebody come by
and give me a high five.
Hey!
It's the best.
-Honey, can I have the Purell?
-Mm-hmm.
(Colleen clears throat)
John, you want to sit
in the shade?
No, I like to sun myself
like a lizard.
Move the chair.
-Okay.
-Go, go, go.
Come here.
Okay.
How's that?
Oh, now I have
to lift my feet up
if I want a drink.
I need hydration.
I'm not a lizard.
JOAN: No, honey, just relax
and enjoy the clam dip.
Clam dip? Oh!
Clam dip is
a tailgating tradition.
Now, I e-mailed you
the recipe
but maybe it went to spam
because of the word clam.
-Yep.
JOAN: It's all right,
-sweetheart.
-You like hummus?
No, dear, I don't.
Oh.
♪
Veggies. Fun.
I can't wait
to taste the dirt.
No problem, just dump a
bunch of clam dip on them.
Yeah, I might not have realized
the importance of this clam dip.
Oh, honey, it's okay.
These off-brand sodas
totally make up for it.
I love Dr. Pobb.
JEN: Yeah, yeah,
don't sweat it.
You'd have to be superhuman
to please the Short family.
Of course, we do it every year
at our New Year's Eve party,
but I'm heavily sedated.
I actually think
it's more impressive
to throw an amazing party
for a milestone event.
You know, like when
your kids realize
that boogers
aren't food.
TIM: Ooh, I'd kill
for a burger right now.
Booger, babe.
Ooh. Did I get it?
You were so right.
We should've never tried
to stake this out as our own.
There's steak?
No.
This was a huge mistake.
There's steak?
-No.
COLLEEN: All I wanted to do
was impress your family
and now they're just gonna
remember this as the tailgate
that Matt and Colleen
screwed up.
It's okay.
I'm gonna save this.
There's a very easy solution.
♪
MATT: Clams?
-Anybody got any fresh clams?
MAN: No, man.
Clams? No?
Mussels?
Bivalves of any kind, sir?
Hey, man,
a couple tailgates down
there's a whole seafood spread
that nobody's watching.
And there's an
unaccompanied purse
if you're feeling brave.
Oh, my God,
you're Kurt Warner.
Hey, man, how you doing?
MATT: I'm a huge fan.
-Thanks, man.
MATT: Hey, can you
do me a favor?
Do you have good food?
Oh, sure.
-Okay.
-Yeah, yeah, come on.
Thank you so much.
Right this way.
Hey, everybody, everybody.
Look who heard about
Colleen's amazing tailgate
-and wanted to join us.
-Hey, how's everybody doing?
Oh, my God.
Kurt Warner!
Oh, my gosh!
Is this where
the food's at?
Amazing, this is like
looking in a mirror.
HEATHER: Hi!
We love you, we love you.
And I am basically best friends
with Marshall Faulk, who you...
Hey, hey, is that one
of those misting fans?
Uh...
KURT: Yeah? I mean...
Would you like it?
I wouldn't not like it,
thank you.
That thing is awesome.
COLLEEN: This is so cool.
I know, I know,
it's Kurt Warner,
two-time league MVP,
Super Bowl MVP,
future Hall of Famer...
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
all that.
But he's Kurt Warner,
the guy who got
your family
to stop complaining
about my tailgate.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Is he stealing
Sophia's teddy bear?
Okay, one more
hug from you,
then he's all
mine, okay?
-Okay?
SOPHIA: Okay.
All right.
Okay, all right,
all right. That's...
COLLEEN: Give it to him.
-Thank you, thank you.
My dog's gonna love
chewing on this thing.
(Jen laughs nervously)
You know what?
The kid's got plenty of toys.
-She's fine. She's fine.
-Yeah.
♪
Oh, I just made it.
KURT: So close,
but it just slid off.
Aw, man.
I win!
Yes!
Yes, people!
You guys suck at this.
Kind of looks
like you cheated.
Spoken like a true
loser, huh, people?
Come on, huh?
Okay.
Good job, Kurt Warner.
All right, Rams on three!
Ready: one, two, three!
ALL: Rams!
HEATHER: Yeah!
JOAN: Yeah!
Cool.
Let me see how
I looked in that.
Oh, my gosh,
my nose looks huge.
Oh, that's terrible.
Yuck. Delete.
Delete, delete.
Okay, well, now you're
just deleting photos
of my kid's first birthday.
Hey, which one of us
won the Super Bowl?
You want me
to throw him out?
I mean, not physically, because
that would end badly for me,
but, you know, ask him to
leave, like, really timidly?
No, you know what?
I'm glad this happened.
COLLEEN: Let him ruin it.
MATT: Yeah.
The honorable job
of just being guests.
That's our thing.
KURT: Nice to meet you all!
Thank you very much.
MATT: Take care, Kurt!
Is that our chair?
He still has my phone.
♪
Hey, someone grab
that Super Bowl MVP!
♪
(metal scanner squeals)
TIM: It's a piercing.
♪
GREG: No, wait, wait, wait.
MATT: I was here!
-Thank you.
GREG: Flag on the play,
you were holding me.
WOMAN: Congratulations!
You've been selected
to participate
in our halftime
fan challenge.
-What?
-That's so weak.
You're always getting
so lucky, Greg.
Penalty declined.
Wow, I can't believe it!
So, I, uh...
I'm actually gonna
get to, like,
go out onto the actual
field and stuff?
And throw footballs
used by the actual team.
What?
HEATHER: Oh!
Oh, that is awesome.
So you just throw
a ball at a target
and then you
win a cruise?
Yeah, I've already lost.
HEATHER: Eh, cruises are gross.
At least Tim won't be
there wearing a Rasta hat
with the dreadlocks
sewn into it.
No, I've already
lost because...
I don't know
how to throw a spiral.
What?
Dude, we are a Rams family.
Look, do you think
I enjoy being the guy
that runs back every pass when
we're tailgating, yelling,
"Hey, he's found an opening!"
You know, or acting
like it's super funny
to punt it 20 yards
over everybody's heads.
We just thought
you were being a jerk.
-No, I'm a great guy.
HEATHER: Mm.
It's always been
my greatest shame
that this cannon of an arm
could never master the finesse
required to throw
that perfect spiral.
HEATHER: Um...
Matt just tried
so hard to teach me.
I feel like I let him down.
So Matt taught you?
Yeah.
♪
ANNOUNCER: Six yards
on the play, third down.
Hey, um, you know
how you used
to teach Greg things?
Like if you pee in your bed,
it makes it yours,
and if you kiss Dad
right on the lips,
he'll live one more day.
Dad couldn't beat him
off with a stick.
Okay, well, I think that
your football lessons
really stuck with him.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
STADIUM ANNOUNCER: Rams fans,
make sure you stick around
for the NFL
halftime challenge,
where six lucky fans will show
us their quarterbacking skills.
Oh, no.
Yeah, just go, go.
♪
(grunts)
(grunts, loud bang)
♪
Oh, hey, man.
What you doing?
Just getting ready for halftime.
Yeah, I got to throw
a ball through a--
through a target,
so I'm just trying to decide
if I want to, you know,
drop back,
throw it from the pocket,
or maybe bless the receiver
on a, you know,
play action.
Let me see both.
-Yeah, okay.
MATT: Yeah.
Omaha, Omaha, Omaha!
Hut! Hut!
Oh, he sees an opening!
Oh yeah, you can't throw
a spiral, can you?
No, I can't.
And it's stupid--
I'm trying so hard, you know?
I'm doing the okay method,
just like you taught me,
but it's not working--
it's not okay.
You don't put
your finger
and your thumb
together, right?
You grab the ball
on the laces, like this.
See?
You taught me
how to throw wrong.
Are you serious?
I can't throw a football
because of you?
I thought you'd learn
how eventually
once you started playing
with your friends.
I didn't have any friends
because I didn't know
how to throw a football!
Do you have any idea
what it's like
to walk out
on the field and ask,
"Hey, anyone want
to long snap to each other?"
Look, man, you were better
than me in so many ways.
You were better in school,
you were better at making Mom
Mothers' Day cards.
You even smell better.
Like a freaking
Yankee candle.
I do have a natural
Christmas tree scent.
So I guess I just told you
the wrong way to do things
so that, you know,
we'd be even.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Things?
You mean there's more?
Yeah, there may be.
Wow.
If a stop sign
has a white border,
is it optional?
You still got
your license.
Does touching my pee stream
prevent me from getting a cold?
That's when I was in
my "let's see how far
I can take this" phase.
Does putting
chewing gum behind my ear
help me keep my balance?
-I don't even remember that one.
-I do.
Man, I'm really sorry.
I was a jealous kid.
But I do want
to make it up to you,
and I'm gonna
start right now.
I'm gonna teach you
how to throw a football.
I would like
to win that cruise.
Yeah.
Even if staying on a boat
longer than 24 hours
makes your toes shrink.
Damn it!
STADIUM ANNOUNCER:
Ladies and gentlemen,
please turn your
attention to midfield
for our NFL halftime
quarterback challenge.
(cheering)
It's just like
throwing in our backyard.
GREG: Yeah.
If we had
100,000 neighbors.
Okay.
STADIUM ANNOUNCER:
Today's champion wins
an all-expense-paid cruise
to sunny Bahamas.
Contestants, take your places.
(cheering)
MATT: All right, man,
just like I told you.
Put your fingers here,
all right?
-Release, don't overthink it.
-I got it.
STADIUM ANNOUNCER: Here we go.
Three, two, one, go!
(drumline music playing)
♪
-Did you see that?
MATT: That was beautiful.
Did you see that?
I did it!
GREG: I'm going on a cruise!
MATT: Look at the...
GREG: I'm going on a...
Why are they
still throwing?
MATT: Why is everybody
Oh, no, you know what?
I think it's how many balls
you get inside the target.
It's not the first ball
to go in?
I don't know, they were
announcing the rules
while you were stretching--
weren't you listening?
GREG: Well, I was
listening to my body.
-Weren't you listening?
MATT: No, I was back there
trying to remember all the lies
I've told you.
Because you are a liar,
and you did it again,
didn't you?
You lied to me!
You wanted me to lose,
admit it!
♪
-No, I didn't.
GREG: Yes, you did!
You don't...
(grunting)
♪
Son of a...
SOPHIA: Look, Daddy,
it's Rampage the Ram!
Hey, Sophia!
Never follow someone
in a costume!
We showed you a whole
video about that.
♪
(cheering)
TIM: Oh!
SOPHIA: Daddy,
I need to go
to the bathroom.
What? Oh, no, no.
you can't go
to the bathroom now.
You'll just have to wait
until your mother comes back.
I can't.
But your introduction
to football
has got to be perfect
or I'll never get
the sports buddy
I so desperately need.
Look at them!
They're useless!
But nature calls!
Then you
tell nature
that you will
call her back
because you are
busy creating
a lifelong passion
for football.
I'm going to create
in my pants
if you don't get me
to a bathroom.
Come on!
Tim!
MATT: Where you going?
-I don't know.
I'm...damn it!
(toilet flushes)
Oh, here we go.
Here we go.
♪
Dad, I need privacy
or I can't go.
(Tim chuckles)
You get that from me.
♪
You okay in there, sweetheart?
MAN: Doing fine, princess!
How about you?
SOPHIA: All done.
Oh, no!
Just close your eyes, honey.
You're the wrong height
to be in here.
♪
Boys are lucky.
-They get to pee in a sink.
-Yeah.
Mom always says I can't,
but sometimes I do.
Yeah, yeah, so do I.
Hey, look, I don't think
anybody scored yet,
so let's get back
to our seats.
(loud cheering)
STADIUM ANNOUNCER:
Touchdown!
Oh!
All right, come on.
Sophia, let's go.
Sophia?
Sophia!
Ooh!
Hey! Hey, hey, hey!
I need a souvenir to
remember my first game by.
Great, let's get that.
Oh, great, yeah, yeah.
Let's get that, good one.
STADIUM ANNOUNCER:
Extra point is good!
TIM: Great, yeah, hat.
Let's get that.
Come on.
Oh, bear, yes.
Let's get that.
Yes!
Oh, good choice,
let's get that.
Do you want the blue one
or the pink one?
No! Don't give her choices!
Hmm.
Hey, let me carry
that bag.
Okay.
Look, Daddy!
It's Rampage the Ram!
TIM: Hey, Sophia!
Never follow someone
in a costume!
We showed you a whole
video about that.
But wouldn't it be awesome
if I got a picture with him?
Then I could show
all of my friends
that I'm a true Rams fan.
Okay.
-Stop that furry!
-Yeah!
♪
No! No!
Aw, come on, Rampage!
Please!
SOPHIA: It's kind of sad
you couldn't catch up
to a man
in an 80-pound ram costume.
He's a professional athlete.
Well, I guess we just
got to go upstairs
and watch the rest
of the game.
Bummer.
No!
It's locked!
No, no, no, no!
No, no, no, no, no!
No! Ah!
Agh!
We're trapped!
(sighs heavily)
I can't believe
we're gonna miss the game.
Sorry, sweetie.
Looks like your introduction
to football has been ruined.
SOPHIA: That's okay.
I don't really understand
the game anyway.
You don't?
Oh, no, no.
Well, then,
we're gonna have to have...
the talk.
♪
Okay, this bear is the ball.
So you are gonna
hold onto that ball,
you're gonna try
to run past me.
I'm gonna
try to stop you
and I'm gonna try
to take that ball.
Okay.
What?
What are you doing?
Seems like you
really wanted it.
Oh, I do really want it,
but you also really want it.
-I don't care.
-No, Sophia.
-Hey!
SOPHIA: Psych!
Touchdown!
Oh, mm-hmm,
mm-hmm, go Rams!
-I did it!
TIM: I see,
the old quarterback sneak.
-Well, what about this?
-Whoa!
(laughter)
SOPHIA: What...
Are you okay,
little girl?
I have a panic button
in my costume,
and I'm not afraid
to use it.
I think
the appropriate response
would be to ask me
if I'm also okay.
(cheering)
HEATHER: They just
scored a touchdown.
TIM: Which is worth how much?
SOPHIA: Six. Until
they make an extra point
or a two-point conversion.
Oh, it looks like
we got a fan here, huh?
Kurt Warner
has my fan.
HEATHER:
I know, sweetie.
I'm gonna listen
to my book on tape.
Tell me if anything exciting
happens and I'll do the same.
♪
Oh, damn, I just
bought more seats.
♪
JOAN: Sure is hard to see
from way up here.
Well, I'm sorry, Joanie.
I thought I was buying
the expensive seats.
It turns out I bought 30
of the cheap ones.
You win this time,
Internet.
JEN: Well, you know what?
What really matters
is that we're together
and that now we can
comfortably spread out, right?
Huh? No?
Okay.
Well, I'm gonna listen
to my book on tape.
Tell me if anything exciting
happens and I'll do the same.
Oh, damn, I just
bought more seats.
We're so high up my hot dog's
gonna be brought by a Sherpa.
Hey, Joan, there's open seats
lower down, let's go grab two.
No, that wouldn't be right.
They're not ours.
Well, actually,
no, um,
a partner at my law firm
has season tickets,
and he told me he's having
an affair this weekend,
and also he's not very good
at having affairs.
Well, let's go
grab those seats
before he loses them
in the divorce.
(cheering)
FOOTBALL PLAYERS:
Ready? Break!
JEN: Yes!
Oh, I feel bad
the family is way up there
and we're down here.
I wonder if they
can even see us.
Suckers!
Do you think you could
get these seats again?
Um, I don't, but mostly
because I made up
that thing about these
being our season tickets.
These were just two
random open seats.
-You mean we're here illegally?
-Yeah.
We have to go,
we have to go right now.
Wait, no, hey, come on.
What is the worst
that could happen?
We're found out, we're caught,
and we're publicly shamed.
Okay, worst case scenario,
an usher comes,
politely asks us
to leave,
and we go back up to one
of our other 30 seats
in Machu Picchu.
JOAN: Men are here,
men are here for us.
I believe you two
are in our seats.
I'm gonna throw up.
Can we see your tickets?
We don't have
to show you anything.
These are our seats.
Don't anger them, they might
be undercover detectives.
Hello, officers.
JEN: Well,
I've got a quick fix.
We can just have
the usher come over,
take a little looksie-loo
at the tickets,
and then kick out
the liars.
We're the liars!
MAN: Oh, uh, these are
for next week's game.
(men chuckle,
Jen laughs mockingly)
You said
girls were dumb!
How did you do that?
How did you know
they were bluffing?
Because half their
faces were sunburnt.
They were clearly up there
in the nosebleeds with us.
You are so good.
You are good.
You're like that
woman TV detective.
You know, she's so brilliant
at her job.
Her personal life's a mess,
but...
Yeah, what can you do?
Anyway, um, I think all this
is a little too much for me,
so I'm gonna go home
and think of ways
I can give back
to the community.
Hey, no, come on!
What is your deal?
Like, what traumatized
you as a child?
I was ten.
Oh, okay,
so something
actually did traumatize
you as a child.
-I was ten.
-Oh.
And we had tickets
to the circus.
And a mime had put
a small rag on my seat.
And I sat down
and then he, uh,
pulled the rag out...
and it looked like I had
eliminated the rag.
He was good.
Yeah, he sounds
very talented.
-Yeah.
-Wow.
And so, yeah,
so then that mime
-played a trick on you.
-Yeah.
And everybody was watching
and laughing and...
And that's why you
became a therapist.
No, that's unrelated.
Okay.
♪
JOAN: Let's go, Rams!
Oh, I'm so glad
you made me do this.
(laughter)
JOAN: Agh!
JEN: Oh, my God.
JEN: Oh, my God! Okay.
-Oh, what is that?
JEN: Well, that's the mascot
and he's pretending
that you're in his seat.
-Oh, no, I don't like this.
JEN: I know.
STADIUM ANNOUNCER:
Uh oh, Rams fans,
looks like somebody's
in Rampage's seat.
Oh, no!
Oh, no, I...
no, thank you.
I-I-I-I don't want do this,
I'm just on my way home.
Uh, hey, Joan,
I think maybe you
should play along
because you're actually
on the Jumbotron.
JOAN: Oh, my God.
Everybody's watching.
They're laughing.
ANNOUNCER: Better show
Rampage your ticket,
ANNOUNCER: because he has his.
JOAN: Stop this!
ANNOUNCER: The only way
to get rid of Rampage
is to beat him
in a dance-off!
No, no, I don't
want a dance-off.
-You got to dance.
JOAN: I don't want it.
I don't want to dance!
No, no, please!
I just don't want to do this.
Oh, make it stop!
Please make it stop!
I can't da--
get away from me,
you old goat!
♪
Okay, well, now we're actually
getting kicked out.
♪